listen I've always felt there's been two
generations to the Fast & Furious
franchise like the first four focused so
much on cars and then everything after
that just became a superhero franchise
but out of the two big car series that
are out there I'm taking this one all
the way we also got digital codes thanks
to our sponsor Experian that we'll be
giving out at the end of the video
because if you haven't seen any of these
films I'm telling you right now you're
in for an insane ride full spoilers
let me explain so it's crazy to think
that this franchise is already 20 years
old clearly things are a little bit
different than they were bagging o1 this
was during the time when David Ayer was
still writing great movies but having
got the 4k set in order to get all the
special features and the extended
editions for this video it also made me
think was the first one even shot in 4k
either they're selling me a DVD with the
number four on it or they've known this
was going to be a massive hit and
thought ahead the story originated from
an article about street racing that
intrigued the director but instead of
sticking with the name redline for the
production he made a deal with Roger
Corman who titled his 1955 film The Fast
and the Furious but what's funny is that
he didn't ask for money really and I
said to Universal okay I'll take a small
amount of money but I would like to have
free access to your stock footage
library and they agreed I took the stock
footage from their TV series Spartacus
and cut them together with a picture
called Cyclops which I made for the
sci-fi channel and I got a letter from
Tom Vitali the head of the sci-fi
channel saying Cyclops is the biggest
and best picture anybody has ever made
for sci-fi courtesy of The Fast and the
Furious
that means this dude literally owns
their footage I don't know how sly he
got with it but it sounds like he pulled
a Jacob and Esau and now he's copyright
free anyway in terms of the story we
began by following these thieves who are
stealing these thick Panasonic 17-inch
displays this is where Bryan an
undercover cop tries to get in on the
racing scene by buying a lot of NAS I
love how in the scene when we're waiting
for Don for the race because he's the
big dude everyone's looking up to it
looks like this guy waited all night and
day just to shake Dom's hand
this man canceled all those plans just
to be able to touch Dom Toretto Ray J's
also a racer who has terrible ADR since
I'm assuming they needed more nos
shoutouts there are revving up their
engines one dudes playing PlayStation
and then they hit you with these special
effects that not even the newest ones
can rival in fact the way they filmed it
was by having the actors in the car but
the car was just a frame that's on back
of a semi driving at a high speed and I
couldn't tell if these effects were from
the past present or future what are you
smiling about - Dom was had hmm this is
where the flame starts luckily for Brian
he ends up getting the in with Dom since
he's a cop who rescues him from other
cops
he'll also eventually be in with Dom's
sister in fact when you really look at
it it's these two that are in a
relationship not really these two you
know because you got Vince who sort of
like the ex who gets all jealous Brian
even goes to the extent of jeopardizing
his job in the LAPD in order to help Dom
when he's about to get caught he tells
me of the truth and arrives just in time
to rescue Vince dangling off a semi like
Buzz and Woody and even though it's
Dom's ex and he bragged Toretto's heart
for lying about being a cop Brian
reveals he is 1 in order to save Dom's
ex this is officer Brian O'Conner I'm
off-duty MAPD a life white rule out
right away
oh the betrayal the disgust on Tom's
face this is a good movie they make it
out of one fight to arrive at another
losing one of their young sidekicks but
then have the biggest fight of their
relationship before racing it out and
literally calling it evil overall I get
why it's a beloved Street rendition of
Point Break of a bromance that would
eventually build into a franchise that
would surpass it and it even had an
after credit sequence before modern
sought-after different ventures and so
Ludacris said diesel chose to do xxx
with the director of the first Fast &
Furious movie and he also did Chronicles
of Riddick which I love so I'm not
complaining for him venture a couple but
he also thought the script was so bad
that he actually denied 25 million
dollars meanwhile Paul Walker Paul
Walker returns as Brian who's a criminal
after letting DOM go in the last movie
but you'll quickly find out the
government doesn't really care how much
Brian betrays them they'll give him a
gun in each installment this time he's
working with officials to clear his name
and he needs to find these cars with the
help of Eva Mendes his character as well
as an old friend named Roman who
actually got him into cars before things
got ugly was Brian following his dreams
of being a cop Roman getting arrested
it's it's a big love triangle going on
here and it ain't that subtle
[Music]
[Applause]
neither is the love that people had for
Paul Walker as much flack as this one
gets I do think it has some nice shots I
love how they treat the car scene like
the Wild West where you can just race
and steal another man's fifty thousand
dollar car it was no uber back then so
they got a walk more than Frodo after
this I love the Lion King Stampede scene
that was done with all these cars
there's also a bunch of corny one-liners
always I suppose see it means you're
always getting in trouble for female
forget about her but overall it's goofy
it's not the best but seeing a franchise
reach this point and then becoming what
it now is it's kind of a glow up at this
point you know and really wanted to come
back to this thing thankfully director
Justin Lin picks this off like an
abandoned child and adopts it literally
he takes his fast story line through six
and he's coming back for nine since it
was too expensive to get these large
groups they actually went full method
directing and shot them amongst real
pedestrians with safety precautions I
assume he heard real drifters and would
lie to police officers about being the
director in order to get away with it he
stars here on the factory two
okay they can't catch it they don't even
try I can confirm this this ain't true
this one also sets the stage for how
international it's going to be it's kind
of funny to think that this one was once
considered too over-the-top oh boy both
rappers left and let lil bow-wow come in
as a military brat named Twinkie who
befriends and introduces Shawn to the
drifting scene Shawn recently moved to
Tokyo to live with his dad after the
stewed stir ste girlfriend offered
herself up as a prize for a race winner
gets
me and since he lost his girl and the
race jock man decides to RAM Shawn's car
and that thought he wanted you be ends
up with a new face now that he's in
Tokyo his high-school self is
interacting with full-grown Yakuza
members like this guy named Takashi a
lot of the tension comes from their
mutual affection for their Gabriella
Montez but luckily Han a business
partner - Takashi gets both Mila and
Shawn to eventually move in with them he
takes care of them teaches them how to
drift they watch pip my ride together
and a fun fact his full name is actually
Han Solo which is a pretty clever nod
because both got to do four movies
before dying we're given some
interesting transitions in this movie
like this midsummer one with the plane
here that I thought was pretty cool this
steering wheel that's we're onto the
next night which I thought was hilarious
but then we get the final race to
determine who's DK and they decide to
drift down a giant mountain where Shawn
gets rammed again you'll spend you'll
spend all this time detailing these cars
just to ram other dudes on dhunda
Takashi ends up driving himself off a
cliff
Shawn becomes the drag king and gets the
girl as he gets challenged in the end by
not an acquaintance of Han not a friend
of Hans but a family member
interesting thing about this cameo he
wasn't initially gonna do it since he
hated the script again but diesel took a
page out of Corbin's book and asked for
the rights to the Riddick franchise in
exchange for pulling up at the end
meaning he literally owns the role
because of this cameo and it's that
exact cameo that was so explosive from
the fans that had greenlit another movie
[Music]
like I said they love the title so much
they used it twice make sense since this
is a reboot of itself technically four
five and six are supposed to be its own
trilogy we're seven eight and nine we're
gonna be another one that's obviously
been slightly altered but this one
brings the gang back together for the
first time so they just they just drop
the dust bin comes back as producer and
even directed a short film titled los
bandoleros that sets up the opening
scene for this one which they also did
for too fast too furious with
turbocharge that showed how brian got to
miami this one begins with them robbing
a gasoline truck with the chase putting
let the endanger having to jump and be
captured by diesel fare biceps and this
happens it's also important to remember
that drift takes place after six so Han
appears here thus making the
chronological order to the movies look
like this in this one Dom was ready to
quit the lifestyle after almost losing
Letty but she says Matt I'm staying and
there's nothing she dies in the next
stunt that's what causes DOM and Brian
to work together again since they have a
mutual enemy in this drug lord named
Arturo Braga they infiltrate the cartel
they drive cars and tunnels but then run
out of gas once diesel gets arrested so
they go get this is the one that just
became a new franchise in my opinion you
throw a rock in the mix you move into
another country and it is crazy
[Music]
oh man if only you were there this is
the one where they really became a team
ah familia if you will this is the first
time these two embrace each other since
me is about to have a child we bring
back Luna and Tyreese who begin their
banter when you don't get Martin Luther
King his car back as soon as you give
Rick James his jacket back it secured
gal gadot as Wonder Woman his legs baby
girl what time do they over but the best
part easily is having the rock and vin
diesel fight each other you know
all the other bad guys in the other
movies all right fighting Gaston in the
next one okay but I've always said if
you have two actors that you want to
root for you got these two brands going
head-to-head it's crazy and in real life
I don't even know who to root for the
group setting up to rob this drug lord
named Reyes who has 100 million dollars
in the safe
Hobbs however is the agent sent over to
capture them when the FBI wants to find
somebody that's who they call in this
one Brian finally beats his boo in a
race right there he let off the throttle
at the line you didn't do nothing let
you win
kinda yow uses her assets to get a
finally printed fingerprints for the
vault and we even get to see Vince from
the first one but then he dies
you know we name the Matthew
Sunmi gonna technically dom does whoop
the rocks ass and spares his life
because it's co-star stopped them and
i'm a way to transport them to racks
entire crew dies
luckily make some new friends as dom
saves his life again and we get what
little low highschool ellamy thought was
the coolest action sequence of all time
as they race with these vaults behind
them like oh geez like the train stunts
maybe the drifting bid is someone's
favorite I can see at our stunt maybe
this one is mine especially because they
end up bamboozling the rock at the end
they get all 100 million the families
about to get a little bit bigger and
Tyreese hints at our location two movies
from them I made a sheikh in Abu Dhabi
an offer he could not refuse
we then get this after credit scene
where Eva Mendes's character comes back
and reveals that Letty is still alive
you believe in ghosts I did after that
since this is a super long video I want
to take a quick sec to give a shout-out
to our sponsor experienced since you
never know when five seconds of footage
will ding all your work we got a couple
of digital codes we're gonna be giving
out over on Twitter thanks to our
partnership with them so they're hooking
you up with these movies which is the
best I can ask for but they also have a
really cool product that helps you boost
your credit scores instantly now one
that's important if you're saving up to
be like Dom Toretto and own your own
dodge charger but - it's also a service
that's completely free and you don't
even need a credit card number I asked
the family accountant and it turns out
that their firm trusts it so I'm glad
I'm in good hands but pretty much
experience offers this service called
boost that allows you to submit your
water bills gas electric cable trash
phones and build credit through your
utilities which you couldn't do before
so now instead of waiting months you can
get a boost instantly you can even turn
it off at any time if that's what you're
into Experian boost can potentially help
you establish or increase your access to
credit it's safe secure and 100% free no
credit card required boost your FICO
score instantly for free by heading over
to Experian comm slash let me explain
so this is the finale of the first
trilogy in fact if this movie was
supposed to be so long they wanted to
split it into two movies like infinity
war endgame the first part is my
favorite part of this video err the
first part was supposed to be called the
fast it was gonna end with the tank
scene and then part two would have been
called the furious boy if they don't do
that for the tenth I like to recap that
they give us at the beginning they play
whizzes first song in this franchise and
the next one is gonna end up being one
of the biggest songs of all time
everyone gathers back up together since
let these alive and they need to take
down Owen Shaw who's this criminal
diesel straight up leaves his partner
who he just met in the last one played
by Elsa Pataky
Thor's wife and the mother to the most
beautiful children we'll see later
this one also stars Gina Kirino who
loses the road to Wonder Woman as gaol
also goes for one last get up before a
sacrifice
[Music]
[Applause]
to go work for DC it's also Hans last
mission before Tokyo they also brought
back Don Ahmad and Calderon and it's
still these two fighting you better hide
your baby oil I'm just playing you
better hide that big-ass forehead after
they find Letty they realize that her
Minds been wiped and she shoots Dom you
don't think about comfor
even when they do my man really pulled
the 50 first dates just to get back with
her what else do you know about me
everything my favourite bit is when the
guys are fighting Joe from the raid
series he's also in the night comes for
us on Netflix highly recommended this do
look them so hard my man just walked off
the set while they took five they got a
take I'm sorry did somebody just say a
tank this is officially where the fast
and furious becomes a superhero movie
like look it's dope Billy his shirt is
in more pain than he is
that shirt is whiter than when you put
it on this morning it's like a superhero
group I love how the Rockets bamboozled
yet again in another movie as we then
cut to the longest air script known to
man like they did the math on this and
its fans almost 29 miles o'hare is like
two miles max this is like Toy Story 2
meets the length of Mad Max and the
fight scenes were WWE level
wrong team [ __ ]
luckily they defeat the bad guys just as
they were about to run a runway and they
live to see another installment
[Music]
in retrospect it's crazy because it
ended up being the fastest to a billion
at the time it's also the second most
illegally stream movie ever behind
interstellar and obviously there was
going to be a lot going on in this one
there was scheduling conflicts with the
entire cast hence why the rock appears
in the beginning he's in the hospital
and then conveniently comes when his
schedules free and they can use them the
death of Paul Walker obviously halted
production even further but because
there was so much money already invested
this is the seventh in a major series
and they already had a trilogy planned
there was a bunch of rewrites that
needed to happen before they started
production again then on top of that
Justin Lin was swapped out for James Wan
who most of us know him as creating
horror nightmares but the making of this
must have been the biggest nightmare at
the end of 6 that's when Han goes to
Tokyo and we actually get an after
credits scene in that movie that calls
back to Tokyo Drift revealing to us that
Owen Charles brother Deckard Shaw
actually has something to do with this
Dominic Toretto you don't normally
you're that's her and so we realized why
DOM was in Japan to begin with
especially since she'll tried blowing up
his family Father of the year for Brian
but look at VIN if you've seen the first
six you know Jason is screwed I don't
fear the bad guys in the Fast & Furious
movies I feel what Ben's gonna do to
them this time it ain't just about being
a fast
they're also being extra furious like
extra extra extra furious so much
happens in this movie I swear it could
be three movies they're still dealing
with Letty not knowing anybody she legit
is a fan who's starting on Furious 7
they're looping back to Tokyo Drift
which now takes place in 2014 I guess we
got them really dropping cars out of
planes for this stunt they're then
driving one car into another tower
they're saving the Sunday who was a
hacker in possession of this tech called
God's eye they're trying to make us
believe Ludacris can do this when he
never did that before and they still
managed to fit in some promo would you
like one myself to me these guys have
officially taken the mantle of Stallone
and Schwarzenegger like they had back in
the day you know they're the everyday
man and the gym buff it's at this point
that James Wan is just prepping for
Aquaman since they're literally
colliding into each other without a
scratch and in the end they decide to
take the fight to LA cuz you know what
every city deserves to be treated like
New York think about street fights
the street always wins the entire ending
is bonkers Bryan's fighting down the
stairs like it's Magic Mountain they're
swapping passengers at intersections
they ram into each other again except
this time VIN was playing a hungry
hungry hippo with his damn car by this
point the rock finishes up Hercules
pauses literally watching his own
football highlights on TV and says that
work then comes the big one remember
when he punched and flew in the last one
well now his car is doing that Dom let
the I'm more worried about the car
seeing of sequel Dom's near-death
experience brings back all of let these
memories and then we get the ending that
even though it was spoiled on the poster
I'm pretty sure it still got all of us
they reflect on Brian who's sitting on
the beach and he's getting ready to have
another child they even tell Tyrese to
shut up and we get this insane moments
in movies because this character gets to
be retired and live on forever and I
know it's a blockbuster and some people
believe it's too manufactured but I
don't know not to me you know this is a
franchise that's always emphasized
family and now one of them is really
gone Dom then pulls an a/b and tries to
leave without saying it behind but
obviously a CGI Brian was going to catch
up and if you weren't crying by this
points then they hit you with the
flashback montage of them that can only
happen with this 15 years cinematic
history that they share and I remember
watching this movie the first time and
seeing it resonate with people like
never before cuz these were buds they
loved each other but also hated each
other
they weren't superheroes at least not in
the beginning these were two actors who
were playing every day guys who came
together had their doubts about it at
some points but then bonded and created
one of the biggest franchises of all
time one that didn't need to diversify
later it was like that from the start it
was made for everybody and on that
ending I saw a lot of people remembering
people they had lost and seeing that
emotion encapsulated on screen that
movie magic
that brought back someone who was gone
but allowed us to be able to say goodbye
one last time
I thought you could leave without saying
goodbye
[Music]
you
now somebody say the ending to last one
was perfect I say that that that's me
I'm the one but at the same time they
did have plans to make it up to nine at
least so as fate would have it 1/8 was
inevitable it was it even necessary
necessary nothing is necessary I'll
cover more of the drama behind the
scenes with VIN and the rock and briefs
yelling from his own corner but I'll
save that for the Hobbes and Shaw video
since this is getting pretty long and
there's going to be a lot of spin-offs
coming out trust me at this time this
still holds the third biggest opening of
all time and just like what seven I
don't love it but it does some things
well like I said watching it back with
the feud in mind is hilarious look at
this body's not even cold um your
family's already replacing you pretty
much cypher is this new villain who's
actually been controlling things since
the fifth movie making her the ultimate
boss until we get whoever's above her we
also find out Dom had a kid with Elena
who didn't say a word about it in the
last one nor in six would she claims you
find out nor did her partner d'Alene you
okay I'm fine yes ma'am let's go and so
the star of the franchise has to become
the villain as Cyprus holding Dom's
family hostage and forces him to steal
the God's eye surveillance Tech from the
last movie
we end up with some new characters since
we can't bring Brian and me into this
like really you you can't and so the
cast Scott Eastwood who actually was
best friends with Paul I knew him for
over 20 years
there's also mr. nobody who was
introduced in the last one and just like
cypher the screenwriter has mentioned
how the roles are meant to span multiple
films and if you're asking me I
personally think he's gonna end up being
a big evil mastermind I don't care how
much he's been helping the group then
obviously everything else gets ramped up
to 11 we get Dom reversing like Ghost
Rider at the beginning the rock spends
half the movie making Hans killer and
almost baby murder likable since he's
about to have a spinoff with them
well that's sexist Shaw I will beat your
ass like a Cherokee drum well oh we get
introduced to Helen Mirren who ends up
being mama Shaw so not only do we have
the two brothers and the mom they forgot
to put the sister in the file because I
guess they didn't finish writing the
script for the spin-off but we also have
the watchdog bits that I was a big fan
of where they're controlling all of the
cars and literally throwing them
overboard
can you imagine what I'm filming this
movie you're just looking at your office
like what uh help we get the rock
punching a torpedo
Vin Diesel murders a giant slayer and
right when Toretto's about to die his
family comes in and shields him now not
a lot of people know this but the F and
family actually stands for fireproof we
get a nice send-off as they all get
reunited they set their differences
aside and introduce a new member to live
by me
everyone meet Brian thank you guys for
watching this video and a big thank you
to Experian I'm curious to know your
thoughts which is your favorite movie
who's your favorite character I
personally got to go with 5-1 and then
just the ending to seven that said
there's some miscellaneous facts that I
have here that I want to bring up did
you know that Dom's charger actually
belongs to his father meaning we can get
a prequel about that one at one point in
the first one Michelle Rodriguez and
Jordana Brewster both
have licenses when they started the
franchise that's crazy some of the
production stuff there was a horse that
actually died it got obliterated in the
fate of the Furious when an iceberg prop
just demolished it so it's safe to say
they didn't have this in the credits and
then in Furious 6 Tyrese is here it's so
weird but I found this in the extra and
the bonus features I didn't find it
anywhere else online I really mean it
when I said I went through every single
thing in the blu-ray boxset the 4k box
set and and this one was worth it I was
watching the special features and Justin
Lin the director started talking about
the weirdest effect they had to do for
the movie like you know they had a tank
that a plane but the weirdest effect was
this plane scene where Teresa's ear kept
flapping and so they had to put some
effects on that like cavils mustache I
just thought it was the funniest thing
other than that I'm curious to know your
guys thoughts again boy your favorite
movie in the franchise is where you hope
it goes I'm telling you they're gonna do
a drift series I'm telling you mr.
nobodies a bad guy I'm not trusting him
that much but other than that occasion
are your thoughts think you guys for
watching this video
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll send you some nuts